Medical Officer (Noncommunicable Diseases)::World Health Organization::Beijing, CN::Cardiovascular disease is the world's biggest killer. In China alone, hypertension affects an estimated 240M people and it is the cause of death for 1.8 million people every year...
Head of Compliance::宜信公司::中国 北京市区::岗位职责：1、建立健全合规管理体系，对制度、流程等风险与合规问题进行把控，并配合各业务部门实施风险与合规管理制度和流程...
Lead Safety and IH Planning & Steering::华晨宝马汽车有限公司::Shenyang City, Liaoning, China::Lead Safety and IH Planning and Steering.Corporate Division  HR Service.Division, located in Shenyang/China.Employment – full time.Tasks...
Java开发工程师::NIO::北京 朝阳区::岗位职责：-负责能源云产品的Java后端开发；...-熟练运用Struts2，Spring，SpringMVC，Hibernate, iBatis, Netty等开源技术框架，精通http，webservice接口设计和实现.-熟悉 TCP/IP、HTTP、SSL、WS、SOAP等WEB应用常用网络协议.-熟悉Mysql、mongodb，Redis开发及调优，具有基于数据库、缓存、分布式存储开发高性能、高可用数据应用的实际经验.-熟练应用apache，tomcat等服务器的安装配置及优化，熟练Linux平台下的环境安装部署及性能优化.-熟练使用 LINUX 操作系统、SHELL 脚本编写、系统可用性、性能检测排查常用工具...
Senior/Advanced JAVA Development Engineer资深/高级JAVA开发工程师::VIP.com 唯品会::北京::...2. Familiar with JAVA and related development technology, with the ability of analysis, design and development to objects, familiar with design patterns.3. Deep understanding about the mainstream framework (such as Struts2+Spring+ibatis, SpringMVC, etc.).4. Familiar with at least one of various types of data base development, mysql, hive, redis, mongodb, neo4j, etc.5. Proficient in using development tools and application servers (such as Eclipse, JBoss, Tomcat, etc.).6. Familiar with Web and front-end technologies (including Javascript, ajax, json, ext, jQuery, etc.)...
Software Dev Engineer II::Amazon::北京,CN::...Knowledge on Spring, Struts, Hibernate.Familiar with SQL.Major in Computer Science, engineering
Java开发工程师-支付数据方向(006735)::京东集团 JD Group::Beijing, CN::...1、计算机相关专业本科以上学历，3年以上JAVA开发经验；2、至少有2年以上支付平台和网上支付开发经验，熟悉、springmvc/mybatis；3、熟悉三方支付系统的集成，具有支付接口开发经验；4、具有金融系统开发经验者或三方支付系统设计经验者优先；5、热爱编程，喜欢挑战，热衷解决棘手的技术问题。
资深JAVA工程师-电子商务部099::网易::Beijing, CN::1、本科及以上学历，3年及以上工作经验。::2、熟练掌握JAVA基础知识，对数据结构了解深入。3、熟练掌握SpringMVC、Mybatis等框架，有过大型系统的框架选型经历，对框架源码有研究经历者优先。4、熟练使用linux，熟悉Linux底层原理；熟练掌握git、maven、shell、idea等工具。5、熟练使用mysql、redis，了解nosql，善于大并发系统下的数据库及缓存设计。
Principle/Senior Java Engineer::Coupang::Beijing City, China::Bachelor’s degree in CS or related major.More than 5 years working experience. Experience with Spring Framework.Experience with JPA or Hibernate.Experience developing medium to large scale enterprise and MVC web applications.Experience with agile practices such as Scrum, XP, TDD. Excellent communication skills.Must have strong problem solving skills.Must be able to work in a dynamic and fast paced environment.
IT Application Senior Developer::捷信::天津::3+ years work experience of enterprise software development in commercial company.Proficient in Java. Solid experience in frond-end development with CSS/JavaScript/jQuery/Ajax and back-end development with SSH(spring/struts/hibernate) or BPM, and PL-SQL skills in Oracle...
Sr. Software Engineer - Backend::LinkedIn (领英)::Beijing City, China::Experience in highly-available, low-latency applications performing under heavy load.Experience in contributing to open-source projects.Experience in Java frameworks and technologies such as JSF, JPA, JSP, Spring, Hibernate, Servlets, SAX, ORM.Experience in database development such as Oracle SQL, MySQL, NoSQL databases.Experience in Version Control Systems & Enterprise Java Application Deployment (Maven, Ant, Git).Strong communication skills and good English ability.
Java技术经理（Java Technical Manager）::招商银行信用卡中心::中国 上海市区::我们希望你是全日制本科及以上学历，计算机或相关专业，5年以上Java开发工作经验；精通J2EE开发，深入了解SSH框架及MVC开发框架；熟练掌握Spring、Mybatis等开源框架；熟悉主流的WEB开发工具和技术框架；熟悉分布式、缓存、消息、搜索、数据分析等工作机制，具有多线程、分布式、高并发、高负载、高可用性、系统调优经验；有大型项目开发管理经验。
Java Engineer::思科::Hangzhou, CN::Master of back-end Java/J2EE and framework, such as, Spring, Hibernate/iBatis, etc.Experience in Micro-service architecture, design and coding.Experience in RDB and NoSQL DB, such as, MySQL, Cassandra, etc.Be familiar with Web server and application server, such as, Apache, Nginx, Tomcat, etc.Be familiar with code versioning tools, such as Git.That will be good if you have understanding of basic big data concept, such as, Hadoop, MapReduce, etc.That will be good if you also have web developing experience.